After the incident broke out
The shares of Lu Group fell sharply
Well as a doctor
I respect protection and can lead to death as a congressman
But it's not about the children anymore.
This is your brain CT.
Please take a look.
What are the consequences?
Hippocampus iron as a leader in memory management skills
Once damaged
Memory will be shattered
Then you will forget everyone and everything
Will you eventually forget everything?
That would be fine.
What are you going to tell me about this?
Don't tell him, but
I have divorced him.
He has no right to know my medical condition anymore
Vice President
The wife's company account released a statement
Mr. Lu
Now Lu Group's share price has begun to recover
But the lady made this statement
It will confirm your relationship with Miss Xia
I'm afraid so.
My son is indeed divorced from the future lady
Currently, I am dating Miss Xia Yan
It depends on your attitude.
It seems that she is more satisfied with Miss Xia Yan
I am an open-minded mother
Will not interfere with his son's love and marriage
No matter who
As long as he likes it.
It seems that Mr. Lu and Miss Xia seem to have similar good things
Just wait for the good news
Yo Yo